Add Collaboration to LTS area of the landing page in 4.6 (#2901)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/index.md

        <div class="col-12 col-lg-6">
            <div class="notification notification--lts-update" id="tile3">
                <div class="notification__content">

>                     <h2>The newest LTS Update is Collaboration</h2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    <h2>The newest LTS Update is Collaborative editing</h2>
```

>                     <div>Use it to let multiple users to work on the same content simultaneously.</div>

Author: ```suggestion
                    <div>Use it to let multiple users work on the same content simultaneously.</div>
```
